Things to get done/look into in order from next to last

Completed
Data Before the next one was.
Get the ButtonHandler function in ControllerCore.ahk functioning
	Needs to go through the Button Event Queue and see if all of the buttons for a event are pressed and if so
	remove those buttons from the string and call the correct function, then continue with the rest of the buttons

Date 02:18 2/1/2017
Make/Find a good Stack class to implement a double/triple click functionality. This my involve preventing the buttonHandler
function from running if nothing is pressed. The cycle may be (and more than likely is) to fast to only look at the top 
of the 	stack plus holding down a button may also trigger the multi clicks. Possible implements a way to see if a button
has been released to prevent false triggers. This will more than likely take alot of work.

	In the same catagory add different types of press. press, double press, hold, and long hold

To Do

1) Design, Develop, and Implement a system to handel axes, joysticks, and POVs that is similar to the system used for buttons. That is the library handles all of the work and calls a user defined function for whichever events need to be called.
	POV should be the easiest but I'm not sure how they work on controllers other than xbox controllers.
		
		Current thoughts are to handle this much like buttons so the user say what values they car about and what function to call when the trigger is hit

	Axes and joysticks will be similar in approach just a scaling from 1D to 2D (maybe 3D? for when 3D joysticks get implemented??)
	
	Current thoughts for the implementation would be to take the buttonConfig.csv file and create a ini or csv (or hybrid) file that would give the user the ability to define the function that is called under certian situations 


STOPING POINT OF THE NIGHT -- Working on the implementation of the joystickHandler() class. my need to change how the states are returned like I did for the buttons. Array returns seem to work much better than a formatted string (Go figure right...), so this implementation needs to change, but will make some debugging of the states more difficult. Sacrafice that needs to be made at this point.

2) Remove Axes that are bound in a joystick pairing from the controllers axes array.

3) Implement a controller profile that auto names and configures controllers based on the driver/controller type

4) Optomize the Button Event Queue for better performance

5) Optomize the buttonHandler() function

6) Add documentation to the code added since last time

7) More